#### Configuring the poller worker with dummy API calls would be the best way to figure out the connections between dispatch -> message -> worker and to see if the processes are tackling the jobs as anticipated 

### 1. Create a class to track the Poll Results:
- Polling can have one of three states: Completed, In Progress and Failed. 
- This class is used to obtain the polling status to accordingly perform the next set of actions that follow it. 
- If it has failed, an appropriate rollback mechanism has to be deployed
- if in progress, the same message has to be re-enqueued for the poller to check once again after some time has passed. In order to prevent halted executions for stuck jobs, a maximum limit for the number of retries is set. 
- If completed, then the state manager must be updated accordingly to ensure that the state is maintained. 
- This is the poll_result.py

### 2. Create the actual poll worker:
- The pollworker has multiple components: 
  a) Separate handlers to process all the different kinds of job. These know nothing about the RabbitMQ queues and handles the AWS API calls. 
  b) Needs to also be able to check with the state manager to see if the states of the servers are consistent with the job being performed (used to tackle redeliveries and duplicates)
  c) Setting up a robust connection (using #connect_robust). On setting up the channel, set_qos has parameter value #prefetch_counter = 1. This is used to ensure that the broker only sends one message at a time. Next message will not be delivered unless there is an ack/nack obtained 
  d) The queue declaration is set to #passive = True. Since the queue has already been created in the UI, any recreation can override the durable and the dead-letter-exchange settings. 
  e) All messages are processed using message.process(). This tracks the number of attempts, the job type, server_id -> passes to state manager to see if state transitions are accurate -> goes to the handler for execution. 
- This is the poller_worker.py
**Note: the state_manager.py is a placeholder code to see if the poll worker functions are executing as expected. This is NOT the final state_manager**

### 3. Create entrypoint to run the pollworker
- Ensure the worker connects to the AMQP url. This is where it can access the queue messages. Prior to this you need to ensure port-forwarding for both the AMQP as well as the management ports. 

