#### Postgres needs to be implemented as a statefulset with a PVC to ensure longevity of the database, especially in case of pod failure. 


### Step 1: Configure postgres secret 
- configure secret.yaml file with the postgres username and password. Make sure to mention the namespace where your cluster lives 
```
  stringData:
  username: admin
  password: changeme
  database: migration_orchestrator
```

### Step 2: Configure the services
- Similar to the rabbitmq kubernetes setup, a headless service is required for assigning a servicename to the statefulset as well as for multiple nodes to talk and communicate with one another (future scope)
- A second normal service running on port 5432 will be the opening point for apis, worker nodes to connect to postgres to write to the database. 

### Step 3: Define statefulset
- This statefulset will reference the headless service in the serviceName
- postgres container image will be specified along with the username and password specified in secrets.yaml
- Additionally, PGDATA is also defined:
	    PGDATA points PostgreSQL at a subdirectory inside the mounted volume.
        This avoids the "lost+found" error: when Kubernetes provisions a PVC
        it may leave a lost+found directory at the mount root. PostgreSQL
        refuses to initialise in a non-empty directory, so pointing PGDATA
        one level deeper gives it a clean empty directory to work with.
- Make sure to define a PVC as well. This is what would help ensure persistent storage.
```
-   volumeClaimTemplates:
    - metadata:
        name: postgres-data
      spec:
        accessModes: ["ReadWriteOnce"]
        resources:
          requests:
            storage: 1Gi
```

Note: one change has to be made to the worker code (run_poller.py database url)
```
     "postgresql://admin:changeme@postgres.migration-orchestrator.svc.cluster.local:5432/migration_orchestrator"
```
- This makes sure the database url points to the statefulset service running in the same namespace the worker will be configured in. 
### Step 4: Apply the configurations
```
  kubectl apply -f k8s/postgres/secret.yaml
  kubectl apply -f k8s/postgres/headless-service.yaml
  kubectl apply -f k8s/postgres/service.yaml
  kubectl apply -f k8s/postgres/statefulset.yaml
```

## Step 5: Run alembic migrations against the cluster 
```
  # Terminal 1 — keep this running
  kubectl port-forward -n migration-orchestrator pod/postgres-0 5432:5432

  # Terminal 2 — run migrations
  cd /Users/aditirajesh/Desktop/Projects/Migration-Orchestrator/src
  DATABASE_URL="postgresql://admin:changeme@localhost:5432/migration_orchestrator" \
  alembic upgrade head
```

- This is a one-time setup. After this is done, the port forward can be suspended